# Domestic-Violence-Against-Women-and-Girls-EDA-

  The dataset on which we are working combines responses to important questions from 70 different nations spanning gender, education level, and a wide range of socioeconomic characteristics. The Demographic and Health Surveys (DHS) program, which aims to improve understanding of population and health trends in developing nations, is responsible for gathering the data. With the help of the DHS Program, population, health, and nutrition data is better collected, analyzed, and disseminated to support domestic and global policymaking. The information also examines the respondents' membership in various sociodemographic groups, including age, marital status, education level, and employment status. The research, which is based on a representative sample from each nation, provides startling new insights into some of the presumptions that stand in the way of the worldwide movement to eradicate domestic violence against women and girls
  
  The entire dataset and analysis are based on whether respondents agree/relate with the following reasons of violence: A husband is justified in hitting or beating his wife if she burns the food, she argues with him, she goes outdoors without informing him, she neglects the children, she refuses to have intercourse with him or for at least one specific reason. Men were asked if they feel these reasons are justified for violence, and women were asked if they ever received violence for these reasons.
There are three most important attributes in our data set: demographics question, demographics response, and questions. The term "demographics question" refers to the several forms of demographic classifications that are used to divide respondents into subgroups, such as marital status, degree of education, employment status, type of residence, or age. Statistical response describes the demographic group that the responder belongs to. Questions were asked to the defendants if they agreed with a set of fixed reasons for violence.
